mercedes benz class c willing to
retake his throne this new class c of
mercedes benz is a generational change
it's not just a redesign with
improvements in equipment
incorporates the new engines of the house
in different sizes that were released
already with the class and its derivatives as
read read with those improvements to the classes
and Mercedes Benz intends to resume its
place as the best selling sedan of its
segment the place it currently occupies
the bm w series three more propellers
small and efficient
the available versions are 680 ce 200
I made 250 all equipped with engines
4 turbo cylinders these are the sizes and
benefits reported by the brand
German in each of the 680 versions
CG and 1.6-liter inline 1.6 engine
liters of displacement 156 horses to 5
thousand 300 revolutions acceleration from 0 to
100 in 8.5 seconds and maximum speed
of 223 kilometers per hour
c 200 kg 4 cylinder engine in line of 2
liters of displacement 184 horses to 5
thousand 500 revolutions acceleration from 0 to
100 in 7.5 seconds and maximum speed
of 235 kilometers of 250 ac shaft and motor
4 cylinders in line of 2 liters 211
horses at 5 thousand 500 revolutions
acceleration from 0 to 100 in 6.6 seconds and
maximum speed 250 kilometers all
the versions have a box as standard
7-speed automatic transmission
seven tronic plus
the basic body of the new class is
constitutes the aesthetic foundation of the
new generation than the front design
it is distinguished by being more expressive the
headlight design is new both the
lighting functions like technique
of lighting the rear design confers
a modern saga with features that underline
the width of the car the shoulder area
increases in volume thanks to
narrowing of the rear uprights
what reinforces the athletic impression the
new generation of the class is measured
4.69 meters long class s is not
an especially large vehicle for
its external dimensions although yes
has a cabin covered with
materials of a quality superior to
vast majority of its alternatives its
Price range goes from 494 thousand
900 pesos up to 679 thousand pesos